Mercedes battling “fundamental” issue with new design
The German manufacturer had come into this year hoping that a design revamp would help it close the gap on pacesetter Red Bull.

However, drivers George Russell and Lewis Hamilton have endured a challenging first two races to the campaign with a clear weakness to the car now exposed.
Team principal Toto Wolff says that the outfit does not fully comprehend what is going wrong in high-speed corners, as its real-world performance is not matching what its data suggests.

"There is something which we don't understand," he said. "We are quick everywhere else pretty much.

 "We know that we have a smaller rear wing, we're compensating what we're losing through the corners. But it's just at high speed where we're losing all the lap time."
Wolff explained that the issue goes far beyond just being a set-up problem, as he thinks there is something intrinsic in its car design that is not working.

"I think that's a biggie," he said. "There's only so much you can tune here.

"Our simulations point us in a direction and this is the kind of set-up range that we then choose, where you put the right rear wing on.
Toto Wolff, Team Principal and CEO, Mercedes-AMG F Team

Photo by: Sam Bloxham / Motorsport Images

"I think you'll gain a few tenths or not if you get the set-up right or wrong, but there's not a massive corridor of performance. It's more a fundamental thing, that we believe that the speed should be there. We measure the downforce but we don't find it in lap time."
The difficulties with the W have opened up the prospect of Mercedes facing a third consecutive year of chasing problems, after its woes with the new-ground effect cars over the past two seasons.

But Wolff is sure the squad is in a different spot right now, and he has no doubts it will quickly get to the bottom of what has gone wrong.

"It's been two years that there is something we need to spot, and that's the thing to unlock," he said. "We have just got to work.

"It's not through lack of trying. We've pushed so hard and we're going to give it a massive, massive go now in the next week, with more data to understand.

"We are going to come back to Melbourne strong. We are on a mission on this one. And I am sure that we are going to unlock that performance gap."

[Instrumental Intro]

[CHRISTINE]
In sleep, he sang to me, in dreams he came
That voice which calls to me and speaks my name
And do I dream again? For now, I find
The Phantom of the Opera is there
Inside my mind

[PHANTOM]
Sing once again with me, our strange duet
My power over you grows stronger yet
And though you turn from me to glance behind
The Phantom of the Opera is there
Inside your mind

[CHRISTINE]
Those who have seen your face
Draw back in fear
I am the mask you wear

[PHANTOM]
It's me they hear…

[CHRISTINE, PHANTOM]
Your spirit and my voice
My spirit and your voice
[CHRISTINE & PHANTOM]
In one combined
The Phantom of the Opera is there

[CHRISTINE, PHANTOM]
Inside my mind
Inside your mind

[ENSEMBLE]
He's there, the Phantom of the Opera
Beware, the Phantom of the Opera

[PHANTOM]
In all your fantasies, you always knew
That man and mystery

[CHRISTINE]
Were both in you

[CHRISTINE & PHANTOM]
And in this labyrinth, where night is blind

[CHRISTINE, PHANTOM]
The Phantom of the Opera is here
The Phantom of the Opera is there
Inside my mind…
Inside your mind…
[PHANTOM]
Sing, my Angel of Music!

[CHRISTINE]
He's there, the Phantom of the Opera

[CHRISTINE vocalizing]

[PHANTOM]
Sing!
Sing for me
Sing, my Angel of Music!
Sing for me!

I have brought you
To the seat of sweet music's throne
To this kingdom where all must pay homage to music
Music…

You have come here
For one purpose and one alone
Since the moment I first heard you sing
I have needed you with me to serve me, to sing
For my music
My music…

'Quick! Quick! Close the door! It's him!' Annie Sorelli ran into
the dressing-room, her face white.
One of the girls ran and closed the door, and then they all
turned to Annie Sorelli.
'Who? Where? What's the matter?' they cried.
'It's the ghost!' Annie said. 'In the passage. I saw him. He
came through the wall in front of me! And... and I saw his face!'
Most of the girls were afraid, but one of them, a tall girl with
black hair, laughed.
'Pooh!' she said. 'Everybody says they see the Opera ghost,
but there isn't really a ghost. You saw a shadow on the wall.'
But she did not open the door, or look into the passage.
'Lots of people see him,' a second girl said. 'Joseph Buquet
saw him two days ago. Don't you remember?'
Then all the girls began to talk at once.
'Joseph says the ghost is tall and he wears a black evening
coat.'
'He has the head of a dead man, with a yellow face and no
nose ...'
'... And no eyes - only black holes!'
Then little Meg Giry spoke for the first time. 'Don't talk
about him. He doesn't like it. My mother told me.'
'Your mother?' the girl with black hair said. 'What does your
mother know about the ghost?'
'She says that Joseph Buquet is a fool. The ghost doesn't like
people talking about him, and one day Joseph Buquet is going
to be sorry, very sorry.'
'But what does your mother know? Tell us, tell us!' all the
girls cried.
'Oh dear!' said Meg. 'But please don't say a word to anyone.
You know my mother is the doorkeeper for some of the boxes
in the Opera House. Well, Box is the ghost's box! He watches
the operas from that box, and sometimes he leaves flowers for
my mother!'
'The ghost has a box! And leaves flowers in it!'
'Oh, Meg, your mother's telling you stories! How can the
ghost have a box?'
'It's true, it's true, I tell you!' Meg said. 'Nobody buys tickets
for Box, but the ghost always comes to it on opera nights.'
'So somebody does come there?'
'Why, no! ... The ghost comes, but there is nobody there.'
The dancers looked at Meg. 'But how does your mother
know?' one of them asked.
'There's no man in a black evening coat, with a yellow face.
That's all wrong. My mother never sees the ghost in Box, but
she hears him! He talks to her, but there is nobody there! And
he doesn't like people talking about him!'
But that evening the dancers could not stop talking about the
Opera ghost. They talked before the opera, all through the
opera, and after the opera. But they talked very quietly, and
they looked behind them before they spoke.
When the opera finished, the girls went back to their
dressing-room. Suddenly, they heard somebody in the passage,
and Madame Giry, Meg's mother, ran into the room. She was
a far, motherly woman, with a red, happy face. But tonight her
face was white.
'Oh girls.' she cried. 'Joseph Buquet is dead! You know he
works a long way down, on the fourth floor under the stage.
The other stage workers found his dead body there an hour ago
- with a rope around his neck!'
'It's the ghost!' cried Meg Giry. 'The ghost killed him!'
The Opera House was famous, and the directors of the Opera
House were very important men. It was the first week of work
for the two new directors, Monsieur Armand Moncharmin and
Monsieur Firmin Richard. In the directors' office the next day,
the two men talked about Joseph Buquet.
'It was an accident,' Monsieur Armand said angrily. 'Or
Buquet killed himself.'
'An accident? ... Killed himself?' Monsieur Firmin said.
'Which story do you want, my friend? Or do you want the story
of the ghost?'
Monsieur Firmin looked at a letter on the table next to him.
'And what arc we going to do about this letter, Armand?'
'Do?' cried Monsieur Armand. 'Why, do nothing, of course!
What can we do?'
The two men read the letter again. It wasn't very long.
To the new directors
Because you are new in the Opera House, 1 am writing to tell
you some important things. Never sell tickets for Box 5; that is
my box for every opera night. Madame Giry, the doorkeeper,
knows all about it. Also, I need money for my work in the Opera
House. I am not expensive, and I am happy to take only 20,0()0
francs a month. That is all. But please remember, I can be a good
friend, but a bad enemy.
O.G.
'Don't sell tickets for Box 5! 20,000 francs a month!'
Monsieur Armand was very angry again. 'That's the best box
in the Opera House, and we need the money, Firmin! And who
is this O.G., eh? Tell me that!'
'Opera ghost, of course,' Monsieur Firmin said. 'But you're
right, Armand. We can do nothing about this letter. It's a joke,
a bad joke. Somebody thinks we are fools, because we are new
here. There are no ghosts in the Opera House!'
The two men then talked about the opera for that night. It
was Faust, and usually La Carlotta sang Margarita. La Carlotta
was Spanish, and the best singer in Paris. But today, La Carlotta
was ill.
'Everybody in Paris is going to be at the opera tonight,' said
Monsieur Armand, 'and our best singer is ill. Suddenly! She
writes a letter to us just this morning - she is ill, she cannot sing
tonight!'
'Don't get angry again, Armand,' Monsieur Firmin said
quickly. 'We have Christine Daae, that young singer from
Norway. She can sing Margarita tonight. She has a good voice.'
'But she's so young, and nobody knows her! Nobody wants
to listen to a new singer.'
'Wait and see. Perhaps Daae can sing better than La
Carlotta. Who knows?'
Monsieur Firmin was right. All Paris talked about the new
Margarita in Faust, the girl with the beautiful voice, the girl
with the voice of an angel. People loved her. They laughed and
cried and called for more. Daae was wonderful, the best singer
in the world!
Behind the stage Meg Giry looked at Annie Sorelli. 'Christine
Daae never sang like thar before,' she said to Annie. 'Why was
she so good tonight?'
'Perhaps she's got a new music teacher,' Annie said.
The noise in the Opera House went on for a long time.'Well, Raoul, what did you think of Daae tonight?'
Raoul, the Vicomte de Chagny, was twenty-one years old.
He had blue eyes and black hair, and a wonderful smile. The
Chagny family was old and rich, and many girls in Paris were in
love with the young Vicomte. But Raoul was not interested in
them.
He smiled back at his brother. 'What can I say? Christine is
an angel, that's all. I'm going to her dressing-room to see her
tonight.'
Philippe laughed. He was twenty years older than Raoul, and
was more like a father than a brother.
'Ah, I understand,' he said. 'You are in love! But this is your
first night in Paris, your first visit to the opera. How do you
know Christine Daae?'
'You remember four years ago, when I was on holiday by the
sea, in Brittany?' Raoul said. 'Well, I met Christine there. 1 was
in love with her then, and I'm still in love with her today!'
The Comte de Chagny looked at his brother. 'Mmm, I see,'
he said slowly. 'Well, Raoul, remember she is only an opera
singer. We know nothing about her family.'
But Raoul did not listen. To him, good families were not
important, and young men never listen to their older brothers.
There were many people in Christine Daae's dressing-room
that night. But there was a doctor with Christine, and her
beautiful face looked white and ill. Raoul went quickly across
the room and took her hand.
'Christine! What's the matter? Are you ill?' He went down on
the floor by her chair. 'Don't you remember me - Raoul de
Chagny, in Brittany?'
Christine looked at him, and her blue eyes were afraid. She
took her hand away. 'No, I don't know you. Please go away.
I'm not well.'
Raoul stood up, his face red. Before he could speak, rhc
doctor said quickly, 'Yes, yes, please go away. Everybody,
please leave the room. Mademoiselle Daae needs to be quiet.
She is very tired.'
He moved to the door, and soon everybody left the room.
Christine Daae was alone in her dressing-room.
Outside in the passage the young Vicomte was angry and
unhappy. How could Christine forget him? How could she say
that to him? He waited for some minutes, then, very quietly and
carefully, he went back to the door of her dressing-room. But he
did not open the door, because just then he heard a man's voice
in the room!
'Christine, you must love me!' the voice said.
Then Raoul heard Christine's voice. 'How can you talk like
that? When I sing only for you ...? Tonight, I gave everything to
you, everything. And now I'm so tired.' Her voice was unhappy
and afraid.
'You sang like an angel,' the man's voice said.
Raoul walked away. So that was the answer! Christine Daae
had a lover. But why was her voice so unhappy? He waited in
the shadows near her room. He wanted to see her lover - his
enemy!
After about ten minutes Christine came out of her room,
alone, and walked away down the passage. Raoul waited, but
no man came out after her. There was nobody in the passage,
so Raoul went quickly up to the door of the dressing-room,
opened it and went in. He closed the door quietly behind him,
then called out:
'Where are you? I know you're in here! Come out!'
There was no answer. Raoul looked everywhere - under the
chairs, behind all the clothes, in all the dark corners of the
room. There was nobody there.
That was Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning Monsieur
Armand and Monsieur Firmin were happy men. Paris liked the
new Margarita - everything in life was good. The next opera
night was Friday. It was Faust again, but this time with
La Carlotta singing Margarita.
By Wednesday afternoon they were not so happy. A second
letter arrived for them - from O.G.
'So, Firmin, is this still a joke?' Monsieur Armand shouted.
'What are we going to do now, eh? Is O.G. the director here, or
are we?'
'Don't shout, Armand,' said Monsieur Firmin tiredly. 'I
don't know the answers. Let's talk to Madame Giry, the
doorkeeper of Box 5. Perhaps she can help us.'
But Madame Giry was not helpful. Madame Giry was not
afraid of ghosts, and she was not afraid of directors of Opera
Houses.
'People say that you're a friend of the Opera ghost, Madame
Giry,' Monsieur Armand began. 'Tell us about him. Some
people say he has no head.'
'And some people say he has no body,' said Monsieur
Firmin. 'What do you say, Madame Giry?'
Madame Giry looked at the two men and laughed. 'I say that
the directors of the Opera House are fools!'
'What!' Monsieur Armand shouted. He stood up, and his
race was red and angry. 'Listen to me, woman—'
Oh, sit down, Armand, and listen,' said Monsieur Firmin.
'Why do you say that, Madame Giry?'
Because, Monsieur, the Opera ghost is angry with you.